hey everyone so it's that time of year
again Halloween season it's my favorite
time to create tutorials here on YouTube
because it really allows you to
experiment with makeup so within the
next month expect plenty of tutorials
from me I wanted to start off this
Halloween tutorial season with a $20
makeup challenge it's this really
popular challenge going around the
YouTube beauty community where you
purchase $20 worth of makeup and makeup
tools to create an affordable look I
decided to take that challenge and
create a look for Halloween since my
channel is known for both Victoria's
Secret and Halloween tutorials I decided
to combine the two and create a
Victoria's Secret Halloween angel look
it's a bit more costumey than a regular
Victoria's Secret look because of the
extras like the rhinestones and extreme
shimmer but if you want it to look to be
more wearable you just don't add the two
things then you're left with a really
nice soft smokey eye look and the nice
thing about this look is it looks even
better in person so if you want to see
how I created this look keep on watching
to start the look off I'm applying LA
Colors Foundation and natural all over
my face I'm using my fingers to apply
the foundation so if you plan on using
your fingers make sure they're clean if
you're debating between two foundation
colors when purchasing drugstore
foundation choose a lighter foundation
of the two you can always apply a
bronzer over the lighter foundation to
help and match better whereas the darker
foundation it's harder to fake because
it tends to look orange if it's too dark
now I'm applying elfs concealer an
apricot beige to my cheekbones and the
bridge of my nose this concealer is
pretty sheer with a dewy finish and
that's exactly why I love it for this
look because it adds a subtle highlight
if you're actually trying to conceal
imperfections with this I say go luck
it's not a full coverage concealer at
all
next I use elfs healthy glow bronzer to
contour my cheekbones this bronzer is
very shimmery which is perfect for an
angelic glow I make sure I fund the
bronzer up toward my temple to really
chisel the face now I'm using Target
Studio tools blending brush to apply la
color shimmering loose powder and white
onto the top of my cheekbones running it
out toward my temples and ears I also
apply it to the tip of my nose and as my
brow bone highlight make sure you're
using shadows with lots of shimmer again
this is gonna help give your face that
glow don't apply too much though to the
tip of the nose and brow bone area
because then you're gonna end up looking
like you fell on a pile of powdered
donut so don't go applying too much to
your nose and problems it's very
important that you prime your eyes to
prevent your shadow from creasing and
fading so onto the eyelid I applied elfs
eyeshadow primer now using elfs
eyeshadow brush I apply bad le colors
white shimmer dust we used previously
onto the eyelid and tear duct you're
going to want to pack that color on
around the tear duct it's really gonna
make your eyes pop
next I apply a taupe shadow into the
crease blending it up toward the brow
bone and past the tip of my eyebrow the
shadow I'm using is from Forever 21's
love and beauty palette and khaki after
that I apply the darkest shadow from
that palette into the outer V buttoning
it up into the crease out past my brow
again and along the outer corner of my
lower lash line
[Music]
along the middle of the lower lashline
stopping a little bit before I hit the
tear ducts I apply the second darkest
shadow in the palette it's like a golden
bronze color to line my lashline I use a
liquid liner black I use that brush it
comes with to creat little feather
strokes along the outer corner of my
lashes you can do what you want but I
thought this added a nice effect to the
look after I've got my liner on I apply
plenty of mascara to my top and bottom
lashes and I do mean plenty of mascara
this look wouldn't be complete without
the false lashes they just make your
eyes look ten times bigger so I'm using
elfs dramatic lashes to achieve this
effect once you've got your lashes on
use the liner to hide any glue showing
and again apply plenty of mascara this
will help your natural and fake lashes
blend in with each other to glue on the
rhinestones I use the end of my
eyeshadow brush to dot on some of that
elf eyelash glue when the glue is tacky
use your fingers to pick up the
rhinestones and place them over the glue
you can add as many as you want I think
I had about ten on each side once the
rhinestones are all glued on I use a
q-tip to dine on little white facepaint
circles I took the cata part off of the
q-tip to do this also I didn't include
the q-tip in my budget I don't know how
much one q-tip will cost you and on top
of that you don't have to use a q-tip
for the lips I applied a light wash of
that elf concealer like I said the stuff
to shear so it created a nice nude color
on my lips not a pasty color then over
it I use my finger to dab on a bit of
the LA Colors white shimmer dust and the
gold color and my forever 21 palette
and that's it you're done I really hope
you enjoyed this tutorial make sure you
give the video a thumbs up if you like
if it will help my new tutorials be seen
by other viewers so thanks to those who
do give it a thumbs up and let me know
in the comments below what do you plan
on being this year for Halloween I kind
of want to be Arial or Pocahontas as a
zombie and I'm thinking I can do coke on
it's better than I could areal but we'll
see I think it'd be so cool though
anyways I will see you guys Saturday
that's when I plan on having my next
Halloween tutorial out and thank you so
much for watching and take care
fight
[Music]